---
layout: post
title: "1729.com"
subtitle: "Crypto Incentives for Completing Tasks"
date: 2021-05-3
background: ''
---
Note: I intended on posting this around April 26th, but I just didn't get around to it.

This past week was I was not productivity at all; I was simply wasting my time.

This entire week, rather than doing something useful, like working on my resume, applying to internships, reading a book, or learning something new, I just sat around and watched Youtube videos or scrolled through some stupid social media feed. I simply could not find the motivation to do something productive.

Additionally, now that it is spring, every morning I aim to wake up around 06:30 - 07:00, and then go on a run. I give myself two "cheat days" where I can miss the run. On these days, I go on walks instead on these days, or I just end up staying at home those mornings. There are weeks where I only run 4 out of 5 days, and end up taking 3 cheat days, but that only happens every few weeks.

However, this week, I simply did not have the motivation to go on a run. Each morning, I woke up and dreaded getting out of bed, and having to put on my running shoes. I attempted to pushed myself through the run however, after a minute or two I would be just give up and just walk. This happening ever single day this week. I would start the run, give up and walk the rest of the way. I was in a rut.

That changed on Friday though, I woke and checked my email and I saw an [email](https://1729.com/proof-of-workout-fitness-dashboards/) with the Subject: 💰 Earn $10 in BTC for your proof-of-workout. I was shocked reading this and thought "this is too good to be true". I quickly opened up the email and skimmed through it and it was real. All I had to do was tweet an screenshot of my fitness dashboard showing that I worked out, and I could earn $10 of BTC.

Once I finished reading the email, I quickly got ready, grabbed my phone and airpods, put on my running shoes, and I headed outside. Once I was outside of the house, I immediately began to run, and if I am being completely honest probably the fastest I had ran in a very long time.

I was so distracted by the fact that I could earn some Bitcoin I did not play any music/podcast/audiobook at the start of my run. It took me about 10 minutes to realize this! I ended up running 8.25 km (a little over 5 miles) at a 6'35" (per km or about 10'30" per mile) pace. I came out of my rut!

In the evening, I took a screenshot of the run from the Nike running Club app and sent out a tweet showing my proof of workout, and submitted the Google Form attached the email.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">.<a href="https://twitter.com/balajis?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@balajis</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/oneseventwonine?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@oneseventwonine</a> <br>PoW (Proof of Workout) for todays run! Thanks for the motivation this morning. <a href="https://t.co/ITTXGNz9YM">pic.twitter.com/ITTXGNz9YM</a></p>&mdash; Sidharth (@sidbav) <a href="https://twitter.com/sidbav/status/1385788294496194561?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 24, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

At this point, you are probably wondering what the hell [1729.com](https://1729.com) is?

1729.com was created by Balaji S. Srinivasan, who you can find here and follow on Twitter. He is an angel investor and entrepreneur, who was the CTO at Coinbase and a General Partner at a16z. 1729.com is a newsletter that pays you in crypto to complete tasks and tutorials. These tasks/tutorials include working out, creating your own newsletter, setting up your own Etherum Name Server (ENS) and much much more. You can check out [this](https://1729.com/a-newsletter-that-pays-you/) post which goes into even more detail about 1729.com.

I first learnt about 1729.com (and Balaji) while listening to episode [#506](https://tim.blog/2021/03/24/balaji-srinivasan/) of the Tim Ferris Show. When Balaji brought up the idea about micro incentives being used to motivate others to complete tasks and activities, I thought it was a good concept, but not something that can have a profound impact on somebody. However, this Friday knowing that I had a chance to earn some Bitcoin, I was motivated as ever to go on a run, I ran my fastest mile!

{% include image.html url="/img/posts/2021-05-3-1729/mile.png" description="My fastest mile!" %}

Anyways, thats pretty much it about 1729.com. As always, I would recommend that you go check it out yourself for your chance to earn some $.

Oh, and no I did not earn $10 of BTC for my workout, but in all honest that does not matter. The proof of workout provided me with motivation to *actually* go and workout, which is what is truly important.

TL;DR: [1729.com](https://1729.com) is a newsletter that pays you to complete tasks and tutorials. I wrote about how the [proof of work]() task helped me get out of my slump.

PS: Yes, I know the images are not centered and the tweet is not centered. I recently changes the website theme, and I tried to fix this issue, but could not find a solution. Anyways, I will look into it soon
