---
layout: post
title: "Ethereum"
subtitle: "Taking a look at the second largest CryptoCurrency"
date: 2021-05-11
---
**Note**: This is not meant to be a one off post, I will likely update it from time to time when I learn something new, changes to the Ethereum network, etc. Also, anything posted here is not financial advice, I am just writing about things as I see it.

## Basics
This is meant to provide some definitions for basic terminology which relates Ethereum and should help you better understand the rest of the post.

## Motivation
The motivation behind this post is Colin and Samir. A bit background on Colin and Samir: They started out on Youtube with a channel focusing on the Lacrosse Network about 10 years ago. Today, they focus on telling the stories behind creators, doing deep dives or "Breakdowns" of creators. They do this through their Youtube channel/Podcast, and their recently launched newsletter, [Publish Projects]().

Last week (May 2rd) Colin and Samir dropped their very first [NFT](). If you have no idea what an NFT is, you can take a look at this video, (also by Colin and Samir), or take a look at this. I started watching Colin and Samir in about 2018/2019 when they worked with [Yes Theory], another awesome Youtube Channel, and I personally really enjoy the content they make.

What was intresting and unique about their NFT drop is anyone could participate in the NFT, even if you do not place a bid on the NFT. This is done through splitting; Splitting is pretty self explanatory, it allows the proceeds of an NFT to be split among different ETH wallet addresses. To my understanding the amount that is split is set when the NFT is minted on the blockchain.

For example, if I sold an NFT for 1 ETH, and I have splitting enabled with another wallet address (lets say the other wallet address owner is the artist who created the NFT), I can split the proceeds with that wallet. Colin and Samir set up something similar for their NFT drop, all you had to do was Quote retweet one of their tweets with your ETH Wallet Address, and you would be part of the 10% split. I took part of the split, and here is my tweet:

<div align="center">
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">0x646BDF28fD054E811c4B74334dc50178143b9057<br>This is awesome <a href="https://twitter.com/ColinandSamir?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ColinandSamir</a> ! Count me in! <a href="https://t.co/LvvHfdy71O">https://t.co/LvvHfdy71O</a></p>&mdash; Sidharth (@sidbav) <a href="https://twitter.com/sidbav/status/1389226973835272199?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 3, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</div>

Fast forward a couple days, Colin and Samir end up selling their NFT for 9.70 ETH (at today's price (May 11, 2021), that is about $39,000!!!). They end up selling their NFT to a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization). I will probably dig into this later, but probably is way too much to cover right now.)

Regarding the split, about 700 people took part in the 10% split, which translate to about ~0.001386 ETH per wallet address which is about $5.60. Honestly, when I saw that, I thinking that this was pretty awesome, given all all I had to was send out a tweet.

So fast forward to yesterday, May 10, I go an try to claim my ETH, and it ends up costing me costing me about $110 in gas fees to receive my $5 ETH. I did not end up taking a screenshot of that, but I took a look again today, and not it would cost me about $77, but still that is quite ridiculus!
<!-- Add an image on the screenshot you took -->


