---
layout: post
title: "1729.com"
subtitle: "Crypto Incentives for Completing Tasks"
date: 2021-04-24
background: ''
---
This past week was I was not productivity at all. To put it simply, I was mostly wasting time this week. I was in a slump.

This entire week, rather than doing something useful before bed, like working on my resume, applying to internships, reading a book, or learning something new, I would sit around and watch Youtube videos, scroll some social media feed instead. was watching stupid youtube videos. I could not find the motivation to do something productive.

Since it is now Spring, every morning I aim to wake up around 06:30 - 07:00, and go on a run. I give myself two "cheat days" where I allow myself to miss the run. On these days, I go on walks instead. And no, I am not perfect, there are some weeks where I don't run 5 times, but this is usually due to bad weather. I did not have this goal in the winter, well since there is snow, and it is freezing cold most of the time. I consider the days I skip to also be cheat days. But I try to keep 3 cheat days maximum.

However, this week, I was just not having it; I did not want to go on the run. Each morning, I woke up and dreaded getting out of bed. When, I would actually run, I would only run like 50m to 100m, and then just say to myself "NOPE, F\*\*K that, not running today."  Usually I am am to push myself through these thoughts, but this week, I gave in EVERY SINGLE DAY.

That changed on Friday though, I woke with and checked my phone (yes I know I shouldn't but just ignore that), and than I saw an email from [1729.com](https://1729.com) (I will talk about what 1729.com is later), and the subject of the email was: 💰 Earn $10 in BTC for your proof-of-workout. This immediately peaked my intrested, and I quickly read through the email. The basic summary of the email was this: Earn $10 in BTC for posting a proof-of-workout with a screenshot from a fitness dashboard.

Once I read the email, I was highly motivated. I got ready very quickly, went outside, started my run on the Nike Running Club app, and began running as fast as I could. I literally did not notice that my airpods were not playing any podcasts until 1.5km into the run. All I was focused on was the running the best I could, so I could complete the task, and have a chance to earn $10 of BTC.
